# Lab 9d: Solution of the Kompala Cybernetic Model for the Batch Growth of _Klebsiella oxytoca_ on Sugar Mixtures
This lab will familirize students with the solution of the Kompala Cybernetic Model for the batch growth of _Klebsiella oxytoca_ on sugar mixtures using the [DifferentialEquations.jl](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/stable/) package. The model is describe [here](paper/Kompala-BiotechBioengineering-1986.pdf).

# Tasks
__Duration 45 min__: Complete the implementation of the 'runme_task_1.jl`, and execute the script. The script will generate use the [DifferentialEquations.jl](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/stable/) package to solve the models equations, producing a time array `T` and a state array `X` holding the model solutions. 
* Fill in the missing model parameters in the `runme_task_1.jl` script. The parameters can be obtained from the paper. We will simulate `Fig 6` of the paper. Let glucose state index `1`, and xylose state `2`. The psuedo enzyme for glucose $e_{1}$ will be index `3`. The psuedo enzyme for xylose $e_{2}$ will be index `4`, and finally the biomass $C$ will be index `5`.
* Fill in the missing details of how to setup and call the `solve` function of the `DifferentialEquations.jl` package. Use q [Runge-Kutta forth order (RK4) solver)](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Runge–Kutta_methods), and simulate for time `tspan = (0.0,10.0)`. See the [DifferentialEquations.jl documentation](https://diffeq.sciml.ai/stable/) for more details. A completed `runme_task_1.jl` script is provided in the `solutions` directory.

__Duration 5 min__: Once you have completed the script, execute the script. The script will generate a time array `T` and a state array `X` holding the model solutions. 

__Optional__: You can use the `Plots.jl` package to visualize the model solutions. Uncomment the `using Plots` and `using Colors` lines in the `Include.jl` file. Then, execute the `plotme_task_1.jl` script to visualize the model solutions. This script will generate our simulation of `Fig 6` from the Kompala paper.